hey everybody welcome back to Norton
land please for finding Isaac after with
plus what can I say we've had like a
spate of 45 minutes while like 30 minute
runs really and even this 1 X 6 7 s HX z
7 great rate of fire awful damage just
terrible speed is not amazing either but
we're starting with a little bit of
extra HP on account of mr. Dahle and we
have static tears so I'm not expecting
like static tears to make up for our
pretty abysmal damage right now but what
I will say is that we can use it as kind
of like an analogue to having a huge
hitbox I mean I guess is what it mostly
comes down to that's actually the speed
upgrade there is really nice basically
if we aim to miss and we shoot fast
enough we kind of get like a weird sort
of piercing shots thing going on that is
actually beyond half-decent it's going
to make up for the fact of some extent
that we've got relatively poor damage
right now I think and then hopefully
we'll just get great damage in the
future and you know the world's our
oyster
I don't know that expression must come
from like the 1930s because nowadays
people are all like I don't like seafood
taste those seafood
back in the day people are like yeah
dude an oyster it's like all your
nutrition right there and it tastes like
the ocean something I've never seen but
have only heard tell of in legends
piercing shots I think is the biggest
get here obviously we have a chance to
get Steven which would be nice we have a
much higher chance to get little Steven
we know waited by the way that we tend
to do this fight and neither of those
are going to be ten out of ten
although regular Steven is always like a
much stronger damage upgrade than I ever
give it credit for
little Steven is like just okay regular
Steven I always go like ah you know
those six of one half a dozen or the
other but really like regular Steven is
pretty demonstrably better anyway it
don't matter we're moving on here with
little Steven doing a little extra bonus
stuff for us here if we don't start to
pop somewhere on this floor or next
floor really is the fair one then I'll
start to get a little anxious not quite
nervous not quite you know scared
because I never scared
except when I'm watching the babadook
because that dude is frightening but we
got a little bit of time to make the to
make the run pop still and it's very
easy because our rate of fire is already
great well good
all we need is damage so if we can just
get a damage up like it's a big get but
straight up a crickets head by itself
takes us to at least temporary greatness
magic mush temporary greatness you know
we got a lot of a lot of outs so if
you're like acid I don't think it does
much for us I know you're going to be
saying well what about the situation in
which it destroys a rock and thus allows
your static tears to survive longer yeah
how much longer like a quarter of a
second it's
not bad necessarily it's just I don't
think it's going to be very valuable in
fact I would be surprised if it even
creates noticeable value but we've got
to deal with the devil here and we've
got one read hard to to work with it and
if we have to we can always pop
Pandora's box which I think on this
floor just gives me consumables I don't
think it gives me spirit hearts there we
go we got a damage up we're up to
basically five and then this will take
us to the Whore of Babylon state whoa
there we go yeah it takes us to the
Whore of Babylon state so now we've got
really really good stats actually wait a
minute yo little Stevens tears are
affected by static tears that's kind of
cool so that should be three spirit
hearts for us now I got to think about
it because if I use Pandora's Box I can
get a bomb and possibly open up you know
a crawl space here if I don't use
Pandora's Box I could use it on the next
floor which is way more valuable so I
think I'm just going to buy a bomb and
then crack into the the floor this way
and hope that the crawl space is worth
it but in the end of its not it's not a
huge loss we got enough money to I'll
pay for the bomb we got more than enough
money to pay for the bomb and we got
some bombs so in the end I think that
basically worked out so then we're going
to come back and we're going to drop our
bomb back here we got a spear and iron
out of that and you know I would like to
get mom's key here ventricle raiser is
also cool and I think going to hang on
to Pandora's box I don't care about
getting a free deal with the angel as
much but I'd rather turn it into an item
than just a few consumables so we'll use
it immediately on the next floor and
then we have an open space bar slot to
basically choose whatever we want if we
find it mom's coin purse is not really
what we're hoping for
tella pills dude that took me to an
error room I would have been an unhappy
camper but we do have blank card access
now on blank cards nice
you know it's better than Blankman
starring Damon Wayans from the early
1990s and I say that I'll admit to you
straight up I have not seen Blankman
you know it's a movie that came out when
I was like 6 and you know when you're 6
your parents don't want you to watch a
movie like Blankman because they're like
yeah you know it might be like a poop
joke in it or something like that you
might show his testicles you not gonna
let you see Blankman I feel like you
know if you're growing up these days
like let's say you're 15 you don't know
how good you got it with respect to
superhero movies you know what I had
when I was well when I was 15 minute we
had spider-man 2 and x-men 2 two of the
grapes but like those were aberrations
at the time when I was like you know
what let's go for it let's go full
shovel bill when I was like like six we
had the Rockets here which still people
that they go like they ruined it but it
should have been good or like it could
have been like a franchise but that
didn't exist as much back then we had
like the Phantom starring Billy Zane we
have the shadow I think it I think that
was Alec Baldwin playing a superhero and
then like I pretend Burton's Batman as
well but like all I'm trying to say is
that it wasn't the same like these days
like cats I feel like an old man when I
watch like Captain America Civil War
seeing like the dawn of like the first
steam engine that's ever existed on
planet earth and I'm like I never
thought they'd get it done the best it's
actually did it good on you like I'm
proud of mankind right and then other
people are like well that doesn't really
talk about the data as themes and the
Marvel you know I'm like you don't
understand some starring Billy Zane
you've got all of your favorite
superheroes getting together to fight
crime and not saying you should be
non-critical I'm just saying like it
you know you're you're the guy you're me
getting on an airplane in 2016 being
like all it's one of those it's the it's
a 737 I thought we'd be on the 787
dreamliner and I'd have the you know
custom tin window shades instead I got a
deal with you know the pulldown ones you
know when I when it comes to the
superhero movies in the dude who's like
I'm not sure this thing is going to get
off the ground because that seems
unfathomable to Miami and Earth all
brain I don't feel that way about
airplanes like every time I get on an
airplane it like it's very naive but
you'd like look at the wings and be like
yeah those look good enough like I'm
good
oh yes sir you you ding to the the light
at the top is there anything that you'd
like uh ma'am Naropa doesn't notice this
I know you're on this airplane uh you
know 70 hours a week and this is the
second time I've ever flown anywhere in
my entire life but that's AB that
weightings got a little tape on are you
sure it's air worthy like they kicked me
out the airplane in 2017 they punch me
in the face and then kick me off the
airplane ha ha
timely jokes get on the plane smell like
there could be a fuel leak on this
airplane anybody else just sir anyone
else smell industrial lubricant just
throwing out like the flight attendants
in my head what is the flight attendants
are just like they've gotten noseblind
to the airplane and I'm the only
rational person on the airplane that's
like kind of smells like there's
something burning here's and I think it
might be the rolls-royce twin-turbo
engine over there
good way to get yourself brought into
secondary so epic foetus is like a
guaranteed win but it's also kind of
lame because I if we have sad bombs I
think it would be fun
but we don't have sad bombs so I think
would be a little lame to just go from
like sweet electric-fence thing that we
got going on here to like we don't need
that anymore instead of just going to
drop nuclear missiles on them all from
10,000 feet up in the sky so we're going
to take a look what we got for now
because it's good enough and it's also
entertaining and that's all I can ask
for
that's so yeah that's I'm not saying you
should be non-critical I'm just saying
it I maybe I'm in the ideal situation
because I can enjoy them being
non-critical because of the fact that I
lived through some that were kind of
like not very good you know I was a kid
we were like hey Daredevils not awful
screw UNL the Netflix original series
Daredevils legs no not the Netflix
original series they're though I mean
the Ben Affleck 2002 film daredevil Oh
carry on and carry on then as if nothing
really matters the other thing is like
I'm not old at all I'm old in like a
like a three-year-old sense yeah you're
old you're like 70 you know but I'm like
by rational measures I'm not old but I
am old enough to have reached the level
where I don't feel good come forward
obviously taking the wafer but where I
don't feel good complaining about
anything because it's now one science
fiction level ahead of where things were
when I was growing up and I don't just
mean like everyone always goes for the
obvious slow no sulphuric tears oh no
baby what is you eroding everyone always
goes for the obvious like you've got in
your pocket of computer more powerful
than the most powerful supercomputer in
1998 and I'm like yeah okay it's not
like I'm doing protein folding on it
I've just gold new Twitter here's a
picture of some dude being a jerk on the
escalator thank God I got a
supercomputer like I mean that's all so
futuristic but not what I'm going for
here's a little slice of life for you
you want to watch your favorite episode
of The Simpsons 23 short films about
Springfield what do you do in the year
2017 oh well recently FX played all of
the Simpsons and then they had them on
demand online so I can just grab them
there
you know sorry and as incorrect in 1998
what you do is basically let's be honest
what you're gonna do is type it into
Google and then you're going to find a a
site that doesn't look like it's going
to give you malware probably and you
going to watch it I don't know if
they're on Hulu or anything at this
point but if they are even better well
yeah what you do in 1998 Hey
The Simpsons is on 4 to 5 p.m. every day
after I get home from school they always
play two reruns
maybe if I watch for enough days in a
row they'll play 23 short films about
Springfield oh but wait northernlion
you're forgetting about the amazing
invention of the television guidebook
where everybody submitted their listings
to a company that collated them and then
printed them in just like every single
one of those was like 1/8 of a tree
which means that over the course of two
months every human household in the
country was responsible for a tree being
ripped from this earth to print off a
bunch of stuff for people then Oh make
sure to watch tune in to Fox on Thursday
they're gonna be playing 23 short films
about Springfield that's a great episode
you know netflix says actually it
spoiled me to the point that I think I
have ruined myself to some extent I
watched a 2010 Korean film a couple
nights ago called I saw the devil now
many people are going to ask me what I
thought of this film I did not enjoy it
very much
and I understand that it is well liked I
tend to agree with critics most of the
time I got to be honest about halfway
through this movie I win this is
ridiculous
maybe I'm missing the point I understand
it he's a bit of an absurdist director
for anyway that's that's beside the
point the point is I had the luxury of
finding it googling it to determine if
it was any good because I don't trust
Netflix and star ratings to begin with
and then say I was good and I'll watch
it instantly watched it fully like
localized with subtitles and then at the
end had the luxury to be like I didn't
enjoy it that much if then it come out
in like the year 1995
so if you wanted to watch that movie
you'd have to go to like you have to go
from my hometown to Toronto and there
would be like two video stores I'll go
to the cool video store they have eight
foreign films there and then you talk to
the guy on the other no in Korean it's
called like a yogi oh and then you'd be
like oh you're talking about this yeah
and then you'd get it and you'd rent it
it would be like nine dollars beyond VHS
and beef and translated by like someone
who didn't quite get the localization
right put the tape in the tape deck it's
not even rewind it plays the ending
first in y'all come on
you know I guess this is becoming like I
get it times change but you you will if
you're not there you will appreciate it
one day is all I'm saying
and then people said that to me and I
went yeah whatever grandpa satellite TVs
only going to satellite TVs always going
to be around and they botched the joke a
little bit but you get the idea that's
why I laugh when people are like you
know YouTube's going to be around in
like sixty years like I don't see why
you tubing can't be a 60-year career
well I think you could have like you
know the genesis of a 60-year career or
you know 40 year career let's say to be
less absurd 60 your career is like it's
almost worse than a 40 year career it's
like I I can't get out
I gotta retire at some point right but
you know I think you could lay the
groundwork for one for certain but you
know 60 years ago was 1957 1957 wouldn't
when we think of 1957 what do you think
of yeah that's right malt shops hey
honey how's your malt shop doing I don't
know babe seems to have been killed
dully by the disco era like times change
can't always rely on things to be the
same that's why you got a you know
appreciate what you got while you got it
you know one day listen to the BG Studio
54 my girl likes to party all the time
party
the time party all the time that's like
for mixed decades but you get the idea
next thing you know you know so it's all
up in smoke the day the music died and
they're singing bang bang Saturday Night
Live Dana coming Michael Myers Adam
Sandler claves you think you guys don't
remember Clive from yeah okay so we're
like moving on here we're doing fire
where I had a schedule the stats are
good except lock which is terrible it's
nice you know it's nice noticing that
times have changed a lot in a way that
at least like technologically I think is
very much for the better at least for
the convenience of mankind because when
you notice that point it's like you've
taken the derivative of the human
progress and you're going wow the rate
of change of human progress is out of
control it makes you feel like anything
is possible and then you know you go on
the internet and you're like there's
they announced the electric car a year
ago but it's not out yet what gives
science and know takes time I suppose
change the world be the sunlight in your
universe as eric clapton said you would
think my love will give me that's like
two veiled references to John Travolta
films in one day
let's build I guess more just an overt
maybe youth change whatever happened to
that song you know what actually I was
thinking today Kate and I had a rare
afternoon excursion out of our apartment
so we had a radio on it was playing it
was primetime radio so was playing all
the hits that's right smooth by Carlos
Santana featuring Rob Thomas and I
remembered vividly you know what take
tell appeal skip lost rush I remember
vividly having a conversation with not a
friend of mine an acquaintance this is
important because I'm actually the jerk
in this situation an acquaintance of
mine around the year you know 1999-2000
and I'm not talking about a gorilla song
whose definitive version was on the
opening cutscene of FIFA 2002 anyway a
song was all the rage back in like
seventh grade summer right and we were
talking about it for some reason as
school boys are want to do we're like
man and you know smooth it's such a good
song yes probably like as good as the
Beatles right yeah and then it is even
better than the Velvet Underground &
Nico yeah definitely see like we were
pretty smart and there was a boy in our
group who's like I don't really like
that song that much and we were like
what is wrong with you
how can a living breathing human stand
before me and not like smooth the
greatest song ever written and I'm not
saying I ostracized him as a result of
this but I definitely like in my head I
think something switched him it's like
this guy's not it's not quite right if
he doesn't like smooth that's a very
like unusual position to hold for a
human being I don't like oxygen right
you have to remember I was 10
you know maybe 11 so you know my second
favorite song ever was probably like the
Legend of Zelda theme not there's
anything wrong with that
and then I thought I thought about that
today and I was like man there's no like
no good deed goes unpunished
cuz I saw his trash sorry Rob that is
not not Rob alpaca Patrol I'm talking
Rob et Rob Thomas that's on garbage it's
like what is these Rob Thomas puts on a
weird like gambit accent for half the
song and I mean the guitar work is fine
but it's like who cares I'll run around
I'm Brown it doesn't matter and that kid
paid a small social price as a pariah
for being right that day I'm and I don't
remember his name or otherwise I'd
pretend to say that I'm going to contact
him and apologize he'd probably be like
yeah and you know I forgot about that
day after
it's been 20 years Oh
Tec X what it's gonna ruin static tears
but it's Tec X it's going to ruin static
here so I'm just going to work towards
Beelzebub instead because I'm I want to
make static tears pop and with the
pencil we have some cool static tier
effects so I'm just killing these
enemies because then we can just leave
anyway anyway that was my side that came
back to me vividly today when that song
came on the radio it's not the first
time I've heard it in like you know 10
years the song still plays all the time
it's one of those radio stations they're
like we play all the hits mostly we
played four songs and then in between
those four songs we play one song you
really liked from 2001 well something
else to get me through this laughs baby
you know it's like the perfectly
engineered radio station to offend no
one which is fine there's nothing wrong
with that
where's my key piece but anyway so
mostly I end up going like I was like I
always internally I have like a bangers
per hour rating system for four radio
stations
did I leave no wait I just did that
floor that's that's right
so like if I'm listening to like a
classic rock like the best of the 80's
90's radio station and they play alive
by Pearl Jam you know over killed by men
at work follow it up with like Peter
Gabriel's sledgehammer I'm like this is
a this is a straight-up 15 bangers per
hour it's like 90% of the songs they're
putting up there I hit no doubt this
place it's probably like a four bangers
per hour once every 15 minutes I go
that's a banger it's not just the old
jams I'll be straight up with you you
know I know that Justin Bieber is not a
popular artist I like sorry I think I
think that's a genuine classic pop
banger in the MA
Nerra I'm not saying it's you know a
day-in-the-life by the Beatles but as
far as like pop songs go I'm like that
one's up there it says within its
contemporary you know era I think that's
up there occasionally they play that
Bruno Mars song that's what I like and I
go you know what that is what I like
what a what a pleasant song with a funky
beat that doesn't offend me by being you
know too experimental you know it's just
like a nice little Bruno Mars just
something it's just so likable but God
the edges round it off but it's still
like pretty nice and that is what I like
but then they also do a lot of like like
I just I can't I don't know why I just I
can't hear any more Shawn Mendes another
good old Canadian Canadian or does he
just play in Toronto I don't know it's
either I can't hear it anymore it's
killing me on the inside let me out wait
Shawn Mendes I'm seeing I'm getting
confused here which one goes at this
good she got me shook that's Shawn
Desman that's it yeah yeah it was Sam
Sam Mendes directed that movie that
movie you know Best Picture winner
American Beauty one of my favorite
movies ever yeah that one why'd you put
on this accent I don't know it just
really like American Beauty hey I'm
directing here okay we do want that I
don't think we're at bookworm levels of
greatness yet I mean I keep using the
shovel you're just giving the appearance
you've lost control of your shovel usage
share
hating on somebody for their musical
tastes is actually like the dumbest
thing in the world but you know I just I
like what I like the classic rock radio
station is where I belong to my natural
it's my resting state it's my have my
natural habitat played some of the songs
in rock band which you know on a weird
level is like I have a more intimate
relationship with a song now because I
have seated in the Guitar Hero 2 you
know it's my natural resting state we
can move onwards though we're about to
move onwards in a big way to begin with
here all of these runs recently have
been fast and I don't think that it's me
being like we got to crank it out like
everyone in 10 shots we get this
ridiculous static to your pencil shot
have you seen it
like what am I supposed to do to slow
down a run in which we shoot out a
concentrated like Tesla coil of energy
every 4 seconds I don't I feel like it's
a fallacy for me to be like we should
slow it down
an emperor card on the womb one that's
just science that's just when you use it
I wonder on because I believe the sharp
pencil is once every once every 10 shots
how does that work with triple shot is
it once every 10 shots still like once
every 10 times you fire or is it like
once every you know three or four with
them remainder or something we should
just test this okay so this one might
fire no this one might fire yeah okay so
one two three four five once every five
well that wasn't in my hypothesis at all
so we should really go one two three
four and then walk into this room
good one two three four
yeah I don't know if that's worth if the
juice is worth the squeeze on that
little attempted strategy there but you
know what Christians we're using our
noggin and that's important in this day
and age still trying to learn a thing or
two and innovate in Isaac as well you
know it does mean we should probably
fire when there's no enemies on the
screen as long as we're not doing
anything else you know kind of slowed
down in terms of our our pace though
like speed is one thing that's a literal
stat I'm talking about pace right now
no tinted rocks the pace of this run is
just not as fast as I would have
expected given how quickly it started to
pop but I'm also playing way too
aggressively not well like ever a smart
move I should be talking about like the
meta factor the streak actually getting
over triple digits for the first time in
like a month
we've been through I wouldn't say like
some turbulent times and eyes because
that implies that you know there's oh
you know there's been behind the scenes
turmoil but no we really just like there
was a stretch where we played badly
doubtlessly and then there was the
occasional like really bad seed that has
just thrown a monkey wrench into our
plans but apart from that like it's been
relatively decent play hello what's up
there's leftover pizza in the
refrigerator
[Music]
you see that's some men are from Mars
Women are from Venus stuff right there
because that's Christmas for me cold
pizza in the refrigerator there's
there's did you say this poop on the
floor like cat poop what well I use do I
look like a cat to you you think I left
the cat poop on the ground I'd be
surprised where is it ah yeah that's me
sometimes I just decide I'll just go
here and clean it up later oh it's
definitely me
I'm a known small pooper see the thing
is cats are wild animals you try to take
them into the modern era hear you say
pooping this box full of sand and they
go that seems sweet but every once in a
while they don't they don't quite have
it going on anymore they forget our
speed is good enough to go for this
what's it actually like 0% bothers me I
don't know like some people think it
grossed out by it I don't know if it's
from doing biology labs in college but
like I have no visceral reaction to like
fecal matter or vomit anymore
not into it not not my idea of a good
time like I definitely rather just
record another Isaac episode immediately
and go you know I have a nice little
stinky interlude of picking up these you
know detritus but there's not really a
major concern for me for the most part
so like people are sometimes when they
talk about like to parents they talk
about what it's like to have a kid and
they're like literally change diapers
yeah nobody wants to change diapers I'm
sure but like should be way more
concerned about the other unpleasant
parts of having a child like you know
spending I don't know tens of thousands
of dollars on them probably
substantially more than that depending
on where you live but like that's the
real unpleasant part it's not changing
the undies and signing the checks my man
this is actually like one of the it's a
surprise to me as well don't get me
wrong we got to focus here though dude
I'm glad we didn't go with tech X
because we could have balled out of
control and it would have been it would
have looked cool but it would have been
so say me and instead we got this cool
static to your run where I learned that
like the weight of the tears work with a
pencil and static tears is really nice
it creates like a cool weird little cone
or fishing net of electricity that
scales with your damage so we learned
something and hey thanks for watching I
hope you enjoyed it if you did click the
like button so a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time